content/chapters/Documentation_Authoring/README.adoc, before:

[#h1_documentation_authoring]
== Documentation Authoring

//== ({counter2:guide_no}{guide_no}) Documentation Authoring

[#h2_authoring_this_documentation]
=== Authoring this Documentation

This documentation is written using asciidoc, please take a few minutes to go through the following guide:

* https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoctor/latest/
* https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/ 

Some useful videos:

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbmpBZO4EoY
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GL1SEYOhEiQ
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wca5m7JpS_U 


[#h2_authoring_setup_config]
=== Setup and Configurations

[#h3_authoring_github_repository]
==== Github Repository

* Github User Account

In order to author this documentation, you will need to have a https://github.com account. As an employee of Wavelet.net or BigLedger.com , you will be using the <username>@wavelet.net to register for the github user.

You can request the HR department to grant you access to the mailto:hr@wavelet.net[hr@wavelet.net] to grant you the access to Github Akaun organization (https://github.com/akaun).


* Downloading the Github Desktop Client by clicking on the button below:

image::assets/github_akaun_PublicGuide_download_code.png[] 

Please visit https://desktop.github.com/ to download the Github Desktop.


* Accessing the repository

After you have downloaded the github, please clone the https://github.com/akaun/Public-Guide to your local computer.

[#h3_authoring_asciidoctor_toolchain]
==== Asciidoctor Toolchain

Depends on the operating systems you are using, please follow the instructions below accordingly:

===== Installing Asciidoctor

* Linux 
**    https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoctor/latest/install/linux-packaging/

* Windows
**    https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoctor/latest/install/windows/

* Mac
**    https://asciidoctor.org/docs/install-asciidoctor-macos/ 
**    https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoctor/latest/install/macos/

===== Installing Epub3 Converter

Please click on the link below for detailed instructions: 

https://docs.asciidoctor.org/epub3-converter/latest/


===== Installing PDF Converter

https://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoctor-pdf/#install-the-published-gem


===== Installing Multipage HTML Converter

https://github.com/owenh000/asciidoctor-multipage

[#h3_authoring_visual_studio_code]
====  Visual Studio Code

* Downloading Visual Studio Code

Please visit the following page to download.
https://code.visualstudio.com/download

After you have installed the Visual Studio Code, please install the following extensions:

* AsciiDoc
* Github Pull Requests and Issues
* vscode-pdf

The next step is to open the folder where you cloned the https://github.com/akaun/Public-Guide repository using the Visual Studio Code


[#h2_authoring_directory_structure]
=== Understanding the Directory Structure

|===

| Folder Name | Description

| bin
| This folder contains shell scripts that you need to install and setup. You will also see a file called publish.sh , and this is the file that you would execute to compile the asciidoc into various file formats, and save them in the "docs" folder. You shouldn't be editing any files in this folder.

| build
| This is a temporary folder that gets deleted and re-created every time we "compile" the documentation. You shouldn't need to mess with files in this folder.

| content
| This is where you will be contributing by editing the files in this folder.

| docs
| You shouldn't need to edit any files in this folder. But you are welcome to open the files in this folder to check the "compiled output" of your changes , to ensure they are correct before pushing your code to the github, and request for your branch to be merged with the "main" branch in github.

|===

[#h2_authoring_images]
=== Images 

You may place the images anywhere in any sub-folders inside the "content/" folder, and reference to it in your asciidoc document using assets/<image-file-name>. The *bin/publish.sh* would copy all images in the "content" folder into the "content/assets" folder before the compilation and build of all asciidoctor formats.

Example:
[source,asciidoc]
------
    image::assets/<image-file-name>[]
------

[#h2_committing_changes_to_the_repo]
=== Committing Changes To The Repository

Before you make any changes, it is absolutely important that you *checkout* the local repository into a different branch, and the naming convention that we use would be:

YYYY-<email_address>

You may find the following resource useful:

* https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/versioncontrol#:~:text=You%20can%20create%20and%20checkout,tags%20in%20the%20current%20repository.

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9-iaXfKY5g

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5BLEPhqxe8

* https://www.jasongaylord.com/blog/2020/07/08/create-delete-branches-using-visual-studio-code 

Once you have made the changes you want, remember to run the command from the "Public-Guide" directory:


[source,shell]
----
bin/publish.sh
----

The above shell script will clean up the "docs" and "build" folders, and then compile all the adoc files into the intermediate "build" folder and subsequently publish the final output into the "docs" folder.

To view the final output, you can open the "docs" folder and view the content in the folder by opening one of the following files:

* index.html (This is the multipage html output)
* blg_handbook.pub
* blg_handbook.pdf
* blg_handbook.html

Once you have completed your editing, the next step is to create a *pull request*. Refer to the following for more information:

*  https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/getting-started/about-collaborative-development-models
*  https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests
*  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oa1wXWeH1IQ

Congratulations !! 


[#h2_authoring_list_of_workshops]
=== List of workshops

* YYYY-MM-DD : First workshop by Vincent to Zain and Bagty
// include the URL of the video recording here


* YYYY-MM-DD
// include the URL of the video recording here

<<<<<<<<<<<

Commit message:

Added tips on locating the Github Public-Guide folder. (to see my first commit)

content/chapters/Documentation_Authoring/README.adoc, after:

[#h1_documentation_authoring]
== Documentation Authoring

//== ({counter2:guide_no}{guide_no}) Documentation Authoring

[#h2_authoring_this_documentation]
=== Authoring this Documentation

This documentation is written using asciidoc, please take a few minutes to go through the following guide:

* https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoctor/latest/
* https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/ 

Some useful videos:

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbmpBZO4EoY
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GL1SEYOhEiQ
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wca5m7JpS_U 


[#h2_authoring_setup_config]
=== Setup and Configurations

[#h3_authoring_github_repository]
==== Github Repository

* Github User Account

In order to author this documentation, you will need to have a https://github.com account. As an employee of Wavelet.net or BigLedger.com , you will be using the <username>@wavelet.net to register for the github user.

You can request the HR department to grant you access to the mailto:hr@wavelet.net[hr@wavelet.net] to grant you the access to Github Akaun organization (https://github.com/akaun).


* Downloading the Github Desktop Client by clicking on the button below:

image::assets/github_akaun_PublicGuide_download_code.png[] 

Please visit https://desktop.github.com/ to download the Github Desktop.


* Accessing the repository

After you have downloaded the github, please clone the https://github.com/akaun/Public-Guide to your local computer.

[#h3_authoring_asciidoctor_toolchain]
==== Asciidoctor Toolchain

Depends on the operating systems you are using, please follow the instructions below accordingly:

===== Installing Asciidoctor

* Linux 
**    https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoctor/latest/install/linux-packaging/

* Windows
**    https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoctor/latest/install/windows/

* Mac
**    https://asciidoctor.org/docs/install-asciidoctor-macos/ 
**    https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoctor/latest/install/macos/

===== Installing Epub3 Converter

Please click on the link below for detailed instructions: 

https://docs.asciidoctor.org/epub3-converter/latest/


===== Installing PDF Converter

https://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoctor-pdf/#install-the-published-gem


===== Installing Multipage HTML Converter

https://github.com/owenh000/asciidoctor-multipage

[#h3_authoring_visual_studio_code]
====  Visual Studio Code

* Downloading Visual Studio Code

Please visit the following page to download.
https://code.visualstudio.com/download

After you have installed the Visual Studio Code, please install the following extensions:

* AsciiDoc
* Github Pull Requests and Issues
* vscode-pdf

The next step is to open the folder where you cloned the https://github.com/akaun/Public-Guide repository using the Visual Studio Code

:Tip: Public-Guide is normally located in Documents\GitHub\Public-Guide folder.

[#h2_authoring_directory_structure]
=== Understanding the Directory Structure

|===

| Folder Name | Description

| bin
| This folder contains shell scripts that you need to install and setup. You will also see a file called publish.sh , and this is the file that you would execute to compile the asciidoc into various file formats, and save them in the "docs" folder. You shouldn't be editing any files in this folder.

| build
| This is a temporary folder that gets deleted and re-created every time we "compile" the documentation. You shouldn't need to mess with files in this folder.

| content
| This is where you will be contributing by editing the files in this folder.

| docs
| You shouldn't need to edit any files in this folder. But you are welcome to open the files in this folder to check the "compiled output" of your changes , to ensure they are correct before pushing your code to the github, and request for your branch to be merged with the "main" branch in github.

|===

[#h2_authoring_images]
=== Images 

You may place the images anywhere in any sub-folders inside the "content/" folder, and reference to it in your asciidoc document using assets/<image-file-name>. The *bin/publish.sh* would copy all images in the "content" folder into the "content/assets" folder before the compilation and build of all asciidoctor formats.

Example:
[source,asciidoc]
------
    image::assets/<image-file-name>[]
------

[#h2_committing_changes_to_the_repo]
=== Committing Changes To The Repository

Before you make any changes, it is absolutely important that you *checkout* the local repository into a different branch, and the naming convention that we use would be:

YYYY-<email_address>

You may find the following resource useful:

* https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/versioncontrol#:~:text=You%20can%20create%20and%20checkout,tags%20in%20the%20current%20repository.

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9-iaXfKY5g

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5BLEPhqxe8

* https://www.jasongaylord.com/blog/2020/07/08/create-delete-branches-using-visual-studio-code 

Once you have made the changes you want, remember to run the command from the "Public-Guide" directory:


[source,shell]
----
bin/publish.sh
----

The above shell script will clean up the "docs" and "build" folders, and then compile all the adoc files into the intermediate "build" folder and subsequently publish the final output into the "docs" folder.

To view the final output, you can open the "docs" folder and view the content in the folder by opening one of the following files:

* index.html (This is the multipage html output)
* blg_handbook.pub
* blg_handbook.pdf
* blg_handbook.html

Once you have completed your editing, the next step is to create a *pull request*. Refer to the following for more information:

*  https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/getting-started/about-collaborative-development-models
*  https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests
*  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oa1wXWeH1IQ

Congratulations !! 


[#h2_authoring_list_of_workshops]
=== List of workshops

* YYYY-MM-DD : First workshop by Vincent to Zain and Bagty
// include the URL of the video recording here


* YYYY-MM-DD
// include the URL of the video recording here

<<<<<<<<<<<
