=== *2.5 Settings*

image:settings.png[image,width=624,height=293]

_Issues:_ Settings _Page_

The settings page consists of fifteen components. Projects, Issue Types,
Project Categories, Users, Teams, Field Settings, Default Selection,
Applet Access, Permission Set, User Permission, Team Permission, Role
Permission, INTEGRATION, Triggers, Applet Log, and Reset Applet State.

==== *2.5.1 Projects*

image:settings_projects.png[image,width=624,height=293]

_Settings:_ Projects

The Projects page consists of the projects you have. You can search for
a project by project name, project code, project category code, and date
created. You can click on any project to view its information and to
edit the project.

==== *2.5.1.1 Details*

image:settings_projects_edit_details.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings:_ Projects Edit Details

When you click on a project, you have two tabs details, and
notifications, you can edit whatever you want and then click the Save
button. In the details tab, you can edit and view Project Code, Project
Name, Project Key, Project Status, Description, Project Category, Lead,
Default Assgine, and Avatar attachment for the project.

==== *2.5.1.2 Notifications*

image:settings_projects_edit_notifications.png[image,width=624,height=293]

_Settings:_ Projects Edit Notifications

In the Notifications tab in projects edit, you can view the project
notifications, edit a specific notification by clicking on the
notification row, create a new notification by clicking on the + button,
or search for a specific notification by user name or user username.

==== *2.5.1.2.1 Add*

image:settings_projects_edit_notifications_create.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings:_ Projects Edit Notifications Create

You can create a new notification for the project, by choosing issue
status, user, Current Assignee, Current Reporter, Current User, Project
Lead, email, and team, and entering the description.

==== *2.5.1.2.2 Edit*

image:settings_projects_edit_notifications_edit.png[image,width=624,height=290]

_Settings:_ Projects Edit Notifications Edit

After clicking on a specific notification, you can edit its information,
issue status, user, Current Assignee, Current Reporter, Current User,
Project Lead, email, team, and description.

==== *2.5.2 Issue Type*

image:settings_issue_types.png[image,width=624,height=290]

_Settings:_ Issues Types

The Issues Types page consists of the issue types you have. You can
search for an issue type by issue type name, and issue type code. You
can click on any issue type to view its information and to edit the
issue type. You can create new issue types by clicking on the + button.

==== *2.5.2.1 Create*

image:settings_issue_types_create.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings:_ Issues Types create

You can create a new issue type by entering the name, code, and
description, then clicking on Submit button.

==== *2.5.2.2 Edit*

image:settings_issue_types_edit.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings:_ Issues Types edit

You can edit an issue type by clicking on the issue type row, then view
its code, and edit its name and description, or you can delete the issue
type by clicking on the Delete button.

==== *2.5.3 Project Categories*

image:settings_project_categories.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings: Project Categories_

The Project Categories page consists of the Project Categories you have.
You can search for a project category by project category name, and
project category code. You can click on any project category to view its
information and to edit the project category. You can create new project
categories by clicking on the + button.

==== *2.5.3.1 Create* 

image:settings_project_categories_create.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings: Project Categories create_

You can create a new project category by entering the name, code, and
description, then clicking on Submit button.

==== *2.5.3.2 Edit*

image:settings_project_categories_edit.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings: Project Categories_ edit

You can edit a project category by clicking on the project category row,
then view its code, and edit its name and description, or you can delete
the project category by clicking on the Delete button.

==== *2.5.4 Users*

image:settings_users.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings: User_

The users' page consists of the users you have. You can search for a
user by using email. You can click on any user to view the information
and to edit the user.

==== *2.5.4.1 Edit*

image:settings_users_edit.png[image,width=624,height=290]

_Settings: users_ edit

You can edit a user by clicking on the user row, then view its email,
and edit its name and rank, or you can delete the user by clicking on
the Delete button.

==== *2.5.5 Teams*

image:settings_teams.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings: Teams_

The teams' page consists of the teams you have. You can search for a
team by team name, and team code. You can click on any team to view the
information and edit the team. You can create a new team by clicking on
the + button.

==== *2.5.5.1 Create Details*

image:settings_teams_create_details.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings: Teams Create Details_

When you click to create a team, you have two tabs Details and Address
tab to fill in the information about the team, then you can click the
CREATE button to create the team, or click the RESET button to reset the
information. The details tab has Team Name, Team Code, Website, and
Description.

==== *2.5.5.2 Create Address*

image:settings_teams_create_address.png[image,width=624,height=293]

_Settings: Teams Create Address_

The address tab has the address, postal code, city, country, and state.

==== *2.5.5.3 Edit Details*

image:settings_teams_edit_details.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings: Teams Edit Details_

When clicking on a team row to edit it, you will have details,
addresses, and user tabs. You can edit the team information and then
click on the Save button to save the changes. You can delete the team by
clicking on the Delete button. The details tab allows you to view and
edit the team name, team code, website, and description.

==== *2.5.5.4 Edit Address*

image:settings_teams_edit_address.png[image,width=624,height=293]

_Settings: Teams Edit Address_

The address tab enables you to edit/view address, address line 2, postal
code, city, country, and state.

==== *2.5.5.5 Edit Users*

image:settings_teams_edit_users.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings: Teams Edit Users_

The users' tab has the users in the team. You can search for a user by
user name or user username. You can add a new user to the team by
clicking on the + button. You can edit/view a user by clicking on the
user row.

==== *2.5.5.5.1 Add*

image:settings_teams_edit_users_create.png[image,width=624,height=290]

_Settings: Teams Edit Address Create_

To add a new user to a team, you need to select the user and the rank
and type a description, finally click on the + ADD USER(S) button.

==== *2.5.5.5.2 Edit*

image:settings_teams_edit_users_edit.png[image,width=624,height=293]

_Settings: Teams Edit Address Edit_

When you click on a user row, you can edit and view its username, rank,
and description.

==== *2.5.6 Field Settings*

image:settings_field_settings.png[image,width=624,height=293]

_Settings: Fields Settings_

In fields settings, you can enable or disable the Unit Discount,
SST/VAT/GST, WHT, Blanket Order, Segment, G/L Dimensional, Profit
Center, and Project.

==== *2.5.7 Default Selection*

image:settings_default_selection.png[image,width=624,height=293]

_Settings: Default Selection_

In default selection, you can choose for the applet the default branch
and location.

==== *2.5.8 Applet Access*

image:settings_applet_access.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings: Applet Access_

In applet access, you can choose the teams access, and add a new team.
Finally, click on the Save button.

==== *2.5.9 Permission Set*

image:settings_permission_set.png[image,width=624,height=290]

_Settings: Premsstion Set_

In the permission set, you can see the list of permission sets, add new
permission sets, and search for specific permission sets by created date
and modified date.

==== *2.5.10 User Permission*

image:settings_user_permission.png[image,width=624,height=293]

_Settings: user permission_

In the user permission, you can see the list of user permissions, and
search for specific permission by rank.

==== *2.5.11 Team Permission*

image:settings_team_permission.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings: team permission_

In the team permission, you can see the list of team permissions, and
search for specific permission.

==== *2.5.12 Role Permission*

image:settings_role_permission.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings: role permission_

In the role permission, you can see the list of role permissions, search
for specific role permission, and add new role permission by clicking on
the + button.

==== *2.5.12.1 Add*

image:settings_role_permission_add.png[image,width=624,height=293]

_Settings: role permission add_

To add a new role, you need to add a name, code, and choose the status,
then click on the SAVE button.

==== *2.5.13 Triggers*

image:settings_triggers.png[image,width=624,height=292]

_Settings: triggers_

On the triggers page, you can view the list of the applet triggers, or
create new applet triggers.

